---
title: 'Using Diet Recording to Enhance Health via Mobile Application'
date: 2023-12-21
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-4/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
  - conference
---





**Abstract**

Noncommunicable diseases have become the first important health problem in the world and lots of studies find diet management is beneficial for health. We proposed a framework for diet recording using information communication technology and launched an APP to verify the performance of the framework in Peking Union Medical Hospital. Our framework has five sections, shown in Figure 1, the first section is to collect participants’ daily diets by using various methods. The second section is to record food through the first section. In the third section, we use graph knowledge, and a food-nutrients database to identify the ingredients of the recorded food. In the fourth section, each nutrient was calculated through the food-nutrients database. In the last section, all the results are stored in the application dataset with the participants’ id number, corresponding with the hospital patient primary index, for further analysis and health enhancement pathways such as food recommendation, clinical case-control study, clinical decision supporting and even help doctor revising follow up treatment. To verify the performance of the proposed framework, an application was launched at PUMCH on November 22nd 2020, which was designed for patients to help keep their healthy diet during enrollment under the framework. The results showed that there were 3417 patients was enrolled in the study from APP launch to July 22nd 2022, and there were 960 patients and 373,682 records in total.



**Mobile Studies Congress 2023**



2023.12.21, Hangzhou, China

